hey friends its can be Aaron with the
fashion statement everybody's talking
about the Emmy so why wouldn't I you can
get my full pics of favorites on my blog
kami Aaron calm but here's the gist in
10 seconds gwenyth paltrow rocked it in
emilio pucci by peter dundas i was also
obsessed with kristen wiig who or zac
posen taraji p henson oh that was a very
very bad pic and it was just kind of
left by dianna agron and blue and also
katie holmes in blue oh one trend we
thought quite a bit of on the emmys red
carpet with black eyeliner it's not so
easy to do at home so that's why i hit
up my friend Sarah Lucero while
backstage at Betsey Johnson to give me
tips on a perfect smudge free
application what you want to do is you
want to apply all of your mascara top
and bottom first then you really see and
determine your eye shape then you can go
on in with your pencil your liquid liner
your stay all day line and you
scoop it out and you get the perfect Pat
I that's how you're going to do at home
incredible tip right I've also been
tipped that Marc Jacobs is set to
replace John Galliano at Christian do
you are that's right LVMH is going to
pay the dude eight-figure salary that's
like an eight-figure salary and after
the spring 2012 collection I have to say
I am so excited to see what mark concox
for Christian do you are but you know
what the best thing is about this
situation a Jew replacing a Jew hater
see we're like you would be dead and
finally the gossip is that gossip girl
is getting a very first clothing line
that's right it's going to be gorgeous
but I would be a little bit more excited
if the costume designer behind the
actual show eric daman had some input
nonetheless I think it'll satisfy any
Serena loving stylista and we have a
winner of the so hot contest
congratulations to the violin gal the
dress is going to look amazing on you
please send me pics thanks for watching
the fashion statement subscribe for more
episodes of all the news that fits
smooches
you